**PLEASE NOTE: WE’VE UPDATED THESE SNAP MONETIZATION TERMS.  THE PRIOR VERSION IS AVAILABLE** [**HERE**](https://www.snap.com/monetization-terms-old)**.  THESE UPDATED SNAP MONETIZATION TERMS WILL BECOME EFFECTIVE AS OF THE DATE BELOW.**

Snap Monetization Terms


---------------------------

Effective Date: November 1, 2025

**ARBITRATION NOTICE: IF YOU LIVE IN THE UNITED STATES OR IF YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IS IN THE UNITED STATES YOU ARE BOUND BY THE** [**ARBITRATION**](https://www.snap.com/terms#arbitration) **PROVISION SET FORTH IN THE** [**SNAP INC. TERMS OF SERVICE**](https://www.snap.com/terms)**: EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THAT ARBITRATION CLAUSE, YOU AND SNAP INC. AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AS SET FORTH IN THE** [**SNAP INC. TERMS OF SERVICE**](https://www.snap.com/terms)**, AND YOU AND SNAP INC. WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION AS EXPLAINED IN THAT** [**ARBITRATION**](https://www.snap.com/terms#arbitration-row) **PROVISION.**   

**IF YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A BUSINESS AND YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES, THEN YOUR BUSINESS WILL BE BOUND BY THE** [**ARBITRATION**](https://www.snap.com/terms#arbitration-row) **PROVISION THAT APPEARS IN THE** [**SNAP GROUP LIMITED TERMS OF SERVICE**](https://www.snap.com/terms#terms-row)**.**

**Introduction**

Welcome!  We are excited that you are interested in Snap’s Monetization Program (“Program”), which allows eligible users who are accepted to the Program to receive monetary incentives for performing certain services covered by these Monetization Terms, which we define as “Qualifying Activity” and describe further below. We’ve drafted these Monetization Terms so that you’ll know the rules that apply to and govern your participation in the Program. These Monetization Terms form a legally binding contract between you and the Snap entity listed below (“Snap”), so please read them carefully. Only users who accept and comply with these Monetization Terms will be eligible to participate in the Program.

For purposes of these Monetization Terms, “Snap” means: 

*   Snap Inc., if you live in or your principal place of business is located in the United States;
    
*   Snap India Camera Private Limited, if you live in or your principal place of business is located in India;
    
*   Snap Group Limited Singapore Branch, if you live in or your principal place of business is located in the Asia-Pacific region (other than India); or
    
*   Snap Group Limited, if you live or your principal place of business is located anywhere else in the world.
    

These Monetization Terms incorporate by reference the [Snap Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms), [Community Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/community-guidelines), [Content Guidelines for Recommendation Eligibility](https://www.snap.com/content-recommendation-guidelines), [Music on Snapchat Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/music-guidelines), [Creator Monetization Policy](https://values.snap.com/policy/creator-monetization-policy?lang=en-US), [Commercial Content Policy](https://www.snap.com/terms/commercial-content), [Promotions Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules?lang=en-US), and any other applicable terms, guidelines, and policies. To the extent these Monetization Terms conflict with any other terms, these Monetization Terms will control with respect to your participation in the Program. The Program is part of Snap's "Services" as defined in the [Snap Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms). All capitalized terms used but not defined in these Monetization Terms shall have the respective meanings set forth in the [Snap Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms) or the applicable terms governing the Services. Any account or content that violates these Monetization Terms will not be eligible for monetization.

Where we have provided summaries in these Monetization Terms, we have done so for your convenience only. You should read these Monetization Terms in full to understand your legal rights and obligations.

**1\. Minimum Eligibility**

The Program is open by invitation only. In order to be eligible for invitation, you must meet the following minimum eligibility requirements (“Minimum Eligibility”):

1.  You must reside (if you are an individual), or have your principal place of business (if you are an entity), in an Eligible Region. Payouts are only available in the limited regions listed in the [Creator Rewards Guidelines](https://help.snapchat.com/hc/en-gb/articles/7012298096788-In-what-countries-and-regions-are-Snapchatters-eligible-for-a-payout?lang=en-US) (the “Eligible Regions”). We may modify the list of Eligible Regions at our discretion.
    
2.  If you are an individual, you must be at least the age of legal majority in your jurisdiction (or, if applicable, at least 16 years old with parental consent). If parental or legal guardian consent(s) is required under applicable law, then you may only participate in the Program under the supervision of your parent(s)/legal guardian(s), who must also agree to be bound by these Monetization Terms. You represent and warrant that you have obtained all such consent(s) (including two-parent consent, if required in your jurisdiction). 
    
3.  If you are acting on behalf of an entity, you must be at least 18 years old (or the legal age of majority in your state, province, or country) and have the authority to bind such entity. All references to “you” and “your” in these Monetization Terms will mean both you as the end user and that entity.
    
4.  You must provide Snap, and its authorized third-party payment provider (“Payment Provider”), with accurate and up-to-date Contact Information (defined below), in addition to any other information that may be required to make payment to you. “Contact Information” as used herein shall mean your legal first and last name, email, phone number, state and country of residence, and any other information that may be required from time to time, so that Snap or its Payment Provider may contact you and cause payment to be made to you (or your parent/legal guardian(s) or business entity, if applicable) by its Payment Provider if you qualify for a payment hereunder, or in connection with any legal requirement.
    
5.  You must complete all requirements necessary to set up a valid payment account (“Payment Account”) with our Payment Provider.
    
6.  Your Snapchat account and Payment Account must be active, in good standing (as determined by us), and in compliance with these Monetization Terms at all times.
    
7.  You (or your parent/guardian(s), as applicable) must pass Snap’s and our Payment Provider’s compliance review.
    
8.  You are neither (i) an employee, officer, or director of Snap or its parent, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies; nor (ii) a government entity, subsidiary or affiliate of a government entity, or member of a royal family. 
    

We reserve the right to request any information necessary to verify that you meet the Minimum Eligibility requirements. Satisfaction of the Minimum Eligibility requirements does not guarantee you an invitation to, or your continued involvement in, the Program.  We reserve the right to remove any user from the Program at any time for any reason.

_In Summary: The Program is invite only. You must meet certain minimum requirements to be eligible for invitation to the Program.  These include age, location, parental consent, and certain account requirements. Meeting these requirements does not guarantee you an invitation to the Program. You must provide us with truthful and up-to-date information, as well as comply with these Monetization_ _Terms at all times._

**2\. Qualifying Activity**

If you meet the Minimum Eligibility requirements and are invited to the Program, then Snap may reward you by paying you for performing the services described herein (**“**Qualifying Activity”).  Any such payment (“Payment”) may be funded either by Snap or from a portion of the proceeds we receive from advertisements distributed in connection with the Services.

Qualifying Activity may include:

*   Posting Public Content in which we distribute advertisements; or
    
*   Engaging in any other activity that we designate as Qualifying Activity, subject to your acceptance of any additional terms that we may require (which shall be incorporated into these Monetization Terms).
    

Qualifying Activity will be determined by Snap in its discretion. “Public Content” shall have the meaning set forth in the [Snap Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms). Additionally, in order for the content you post to the Services to be eligible for algorithmic recommendation, it must comply with our [Content Guidelines for Recommendation Eligibility](https://values.snap.com/policy/content-guidelines-recommendation-eligibility?lang=en-US). We may review your account and content for compliance with our terms and policies. For clarity, Snap will have the right, but not the obligation, to distribute the content you post to Snapchat in accordance with the [Snap Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms). You may delete your Snaps at any time. 

_In Summary: We may reward you by paying you for engaging in certain activities. The rights you grant us, and your obligations, with respect to the Public Content you post are set out in our_ [_Terms of Service_](https://www.snap.com/terms) _and_ [_Content Guidelines for Recommendation Eligibility_](https://values.snap.com/policy/content-guidelines-recommendation-eligibility?lang=en-US)_. Your activities, account, and the_ content _you post must always comply with our terms, policies, and guidelines. We may check your account and the content you post to determine whether they comply.  We have no obligation to distribute the content you post to Snapchat and you may delete such content at any time_

**3\. Payments**

Payment amounts for Qualifying Activity will be determined by us based on our proprietary payment formula. Our payment formula may be adjusted by us from time to time and is based on a number of factors, which may include the frequency and timing of your posts, the number of advertisements distributed in the content you post, whether your posts utilize Snapchat Creative Tools, and user engagement with such content.  Any payment amounts shown in the Snapchat application are estimates, are shown to you for convenience only and may be subject to change. You will not be eligible to receive Payment for any such estimates if you are not in compliance with these Monetization Terms and have not successfully set up a valid Payment Account with our Payment Provider.  The final amounts of any payments will be reflected in your Payment Account. For clarity, estimated payment amounts or amounts shown in the Snapchat application are not intended to confer or imply any rights or represent any obligations, do not constitute property or rights to property, are not transferable or assignable, and may not be the subject of a sale, barter, or exchange.

**Requesting Payment.**  Once we have recorded enough Qualifying Activity to meet a minimum payment threshold of $100 USD, you may request payment by selecting the relevant option in your user profile. Payment will be disbursed to your Payment Account by our Payment Provider, to the extent permitted by law and subject to your compliance with these Monetization Terms. 

**PLEASE NOTE: IF (A) YOU HAVE NOT ENGAGED IN ANY QUALIFYING ACTIVITY FOR A PERIOD OF ONE YEAR, OR (B) YOU HAVE NOT VALIDLY REQUESTED A PAYMENT PURSUANT TO THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FOR A PERIOD OF TWO YEARS, THEN — AT THE END OF THE APPLICABLE PERIOD — WE WILL DISBURSE PAYMENT TO YOUR PAYMENT ACCOUNT BASED ON ANY QUALIFYING ACTIVITY WE HAVE ATTRIBUTED TO YOU THROUGH THE END OF SUCH PERIOD SUBJECT TO YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH THESE MONETIZATION TERMS.  IF, AT THE END OF THE APPLICABLE PERIOD, YOU HAVE NOT SATISFIED ANY REQUIREMENT SET FORTH IN THESE MONETIZATION TERMS, YOU WILL NOT BE ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE ANY PAYMENT RELATED TO SUCH QUALIFYING ACTIVITY.**  

  

Payments may be made to you on behalf of Snap, its subsidiary or affiliate entities by our Payment Providers, which may act as the payor under these Monetization Terms. Snap will not be responsible for any delay, failure, or inability to transfer Payments to your Payment Account due to any reason out of Snap’s control, including your failure to comply with these Monetization Terms. Snap will not be responsible if someone other than you requests Payment using your Snapchat account or transfers your Payments using your Payment Account information. Payment will be made in United States dollars, but you may elect to withdraw the funds from your Payment Account in your local currency, subject to use, exchange, and transaction fees, as further explained in the [Creator Rewards Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/crystals-payout?lang=en-US), and subject to our Payment Provider’s terms.  Snap is not responsible for any unclaimed funds within your Payment Account. You have no right to Payments unless and until they are paid to you in accordance with these Monetization Terms.

In addition to our other rights and remedies, we may, to the extent permitted by law, without providing a warning or prior notice, withhold, adjust, or exclude any Payments to you under these Monetization Terms for suspected Invalid Activity (as defined below) or failure to comply with these Monetization Terms. We may direct our Payment Provider to adjust any Payments to you to account for any amounts that you wrongfully received, received in error, or that you owe us under any other agreement. 

_In Summary: We have a minimum Payment threshold of $100 USD. Once you meet the threshold, you may request payment from us. If, after a certain period of time, you fail to do so, then we will attempt to disburse payment to you provided that you are in compliance with these Monetization_ _Terms. If you are not, you will not be eligible to receive Payment for any applicable Qualifying Activity.  We’re not responsible to you for any payment issues that arise outside of our control or any unclaimed funds in your Payment Account.  We may withhold Payment to you if you violate these Monetization Terms or any other agreement with us._

**4\. Taxes**

You agree and acknowledge that you have sole responsibility and liability for any and all taxes, duties, or fees relating to any Payments you may receive pursuant to these Monetization Terms. Payments are inclusive of any applicable sales, use, excise, value added, goods and services or similar tax payable to you. If, under applicable law, taxes are required to be deducted or withheld from any Payments to you, then Snap, its affiliate, or its Payment Provider may deduct such taxes from the amount owed to you and pay such taxes to the appropriate taxing authority as required by applicable law. You agree and acknowledge that Payment to you as reduced by such deductions or withholdings will constitute full payment and settlement to you of amounts payable under these Monetization Terms. As part of setting up a valid Payment Account, you will provide Snap, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and any Payment Provider with any forms or documents that may be required to satisfy any information reporting or withholding tax obligations under these Monetization Terms.

_In Summary: You are responsible for all taxes, duties, or fees related to your Payments. We can make deductions required by applicable law. You will provide any forms or documents required for these purposes._

  

**5\. Advertising**

As stated in the [Snap Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms), the Services may contain advertisements. In connection with your participation in the Program, you agree that you are engaging us, our affiliates, and our third-party partners, to distribute advertising in connection with the Public Content that you post in our sole discretion. You agree to facilitate the distribution of such advertisements by agreeing to and abiding by these Monetization Terms and continuing to provide Snap with access to any Public Content you submit as part of the Program subject to these Monetization Terms. We will determine all aspects of the advertisements distributed on the Services, if any, including the type, format, and frequency of the advertisements distributed in connection with any Public Content you submit as part of the Program in our sole discretion. We also reserve the right, in our discretion, to not show advertisements on, in, or alongside any of the Public Content that you post for any reason. If you reside outside of the United States, you (and any collaborator, contributor, or administrator who posts from your account) must be physically located outside of the United States and within an Eligible Region when performing any services and facilitating the distribution of advertisements in connection with your Qualifying Activity.

_In Summary: You are asking us to distribute advertising in the content you post to Snapchat in connection with the Program. We decide the advertising that is or is not distributed in any content. If you live outside the United States, your physical location matters when performing the Qualifying Activity._

  

**6\. Indemnity**

For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any and all complaints, charges, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) (“Claims”) relating to the content you post to Snapchat (set forth in the [Snap Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms)), you agree, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Snap, our affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees, licensors, and agents from and against any and all Claims due to, arising out of, or relating in any way to any Claim that you have not paid any amounts that are or become payable to any unions, guilds (including but not limited to, royalties, residuals, and reuse fees), suppliers, musicians, composers (including, without limitation, sync license fees), public performance societies and performing rights organizations (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, SACEM, and SESAC), actors, employees, independent contractors, service providers, and any other rights holders in connection with the distribution of the content you post on the Services.

_In Summary: You are responsible for making any payments owed to others in connection with the content you post.  If you fail to do so and this causes us damage, you will compensate us._

**7\. Invalid Activity**

In determining whether an activity constitutes Qualifying Activity or the amount of any Payment, we may exclude activity that artificially increases the number of views (or other viewership or engagement metrics) of the content you post (“Invalid Activity”). Invalid Activity will be determined by Snap in its sole discretion, and includes spam, clicks, queries, replies, likes, favorites, follows, subscriptions, impressions, or any other metric of engagement:

*   generated by any person, click farm, or similar service, bot, automated program or similar device, including through any clicks, impressions, or other activity originating from your mobile device, mobile devices under your control, or mobile devices with new or suspicious accounts; 
    
*   generated by payment of money or other inducements to third parties, false representation, or the offer to trade views; 
    
*   generated through activity that is otherwise in violation of these Monetization Terms; and 
    
*   co-mingled with any of the activities listed above.
    

_In Summary: If you artificially increase the views and metrics on the content you post in any manner, you will be ineligible for payment._

**8\. Termination**

You must stay in compliance with these Monetization Terms in order to participate in the Program. If you are not in compliance with these Monetization Terms, you will no longer be able to participate in the Program and we reserve the right to suspend or permanently revoke your access to the Services, in addition to taking any other action that we deem appropriate. To the extent permitted by law, we further reserve the right to withhold (and you agree that you will not be eligible to receive) any payments under these Monetization Terms for non-compliance. If at any time you don’t agree to any portion of these Monetization Terms, you must stop using the applicable Services immediately.   

We reserve the right to discontinue, modify, not offer, or stop offering or supporting the Program or any of the Services at any time and for any reason, in our sole discretion, without prior notice or liability to you, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws. We do not guarantee that any of the foregoing will be available at all times or at any given time, or that we will continue to offer any of the foregoing for any particular length of time. You should not rely on the continued availability of the Program or any of the Services for any reason.

_In Summary: We can restrict or terminate your involvement in the Program or modify, suspend, or terminate the Program at any time, for any reason._  

**9\. Anti-Corruption; Trade Control**

You and Snap (for the purpose of this section, the “Parties”) agree to comply, and require that anyone acting on the Parties’ behalf, comply with all applicable anti-corruption laws, rules, and regulations. That compliance will include, among other things, the following: the Parties and anyone acting on their behalf will not give, promise to give, offer, agree to give, or authorize the direct or indirect giving, of money or any other thing of value to anyone to induce or reward favorable action, forbearance of action, or the exercise of influence. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Monetization Terms, the non-breaching party may terminate these Monetization Terms upon notice if the other party breaches this provision.

The Parties agree that their performance under these Monetization Terms will comply with all applicable economic sanctions, export control laws, and anti-boycott laws. The Parties represent and warrant that (1) neither party (or any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate involved in performing these Monetization Terms) is included on any restricted party list maintained by any relevant government authority, including by way of example the U.S. Specially Designated Nationals List and Foreign Sanctions Evaders List administered by the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and the Denied Parties List, Unverified List and Entity List maintained by the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security (“Restricted Party Lists”), and (2) such party is not owned or controlled by anyone on a Restricted Party List. In performing these Monetization Terms, such party will not do business with or provide goods or services, directly or indirectly, to anyone on the Restricted Party Lists or to any country with which trade is prohibited by any applicable sanctions. You agree that Snap will not be required to act or abstain from action in connection with these Monetization Terms if such action or abstention would violate the laws of any applicable jurisdiction.

You will not be eligible for Payment if you (or your parent/legal guardian(s) or business entity, if applicable) do not pass our, or our Payment Provider’s, compliance review. Such review may include, but is not limited to, a check to determine if you appear on any Restricted Party List maintained by any relevant government authority. In addition to any other uses described in these Monetization Terms, the information you provide to us may be shared with third parties in order to verify your identity, conduct our compliance review, and complete the payment process.  

_In Summary: Both you and Snap will comply with applicable anti-corruption laws, economic sanctions, export control laws, and anti-boycott laws, as set out above. In order to be eligible to receive payment, you need to pass a compliance review_

**10\. Miscellaneous**

If you give other users of the Services access to post content to your Snapchat user account or create and manage sub-accounts under your Snapchat user account, then you acknowledge and agree that setting and revoking access levels for your account is solely your responsibility. You are responsible for all content and activity that occurs in your account, including any activity by administrators, collaborators, and contributors. We may need to update these Monetization Terms from time to time. If those changes to these Monetization Terms are material, we will provide you with reasonable advance notice (unless changes are required sooner, for example, as a result of a change in legal requirements or where we are launching new Services or features). If you continue to participate in the Program once the changes come into effect, we will take that as your acceptance. If at any time you don't agree to any changes to these Monetization Terms, you must stop participating in the Program by disabling the relevant setting in My Profile. These Monetization Terms do not create or confer any third-party beneficiary rights. Nothing in these Monetization Terms will be construed to imply a joint-venture, principal-agent, or employment relationship between you and Snap or Snap’s affiliates. If we do not enforce a provision in these Monetization Terms, it will not be considered a waiver. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you. These Monetization Terms were written in English and to the extent any translated version of these Monetization Terms conflicts with the English version, the English version will control. If any provision of these Monetization Terms is found unenforceable, then that provision will be removed from these Monetization Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Sections 6, 9, and 10 of these Monetization Terms, and any provisions that by their nature are intended to survive, will survive expiration or termination of these Monetization Terms. 

_In Summary: You are responsible for all activity that occurs on your account. You should review these Monetization_ _Terms because we may update them. These Monetization Terms do not create any type of employment relationship between us. The English version of these Monetization Terms will control and certain provisions will remain in effect, even after the Monetization Terms expire or terminate._

**11.  Contact Us**

If you have any questions about these Monetization Terms, just [contact us](https://support.snapchat.com/en-US?lang=en-US).

- - -

PLEASE NOTE: ON FEBRUARY 1, 2025, THESE CREATOR STORIES TERMS, IF PREVIOUSLY ACCEPTED BY YOU, WILL BE AMENDED AND SUPERSEDED BY THE [MONETIZATION TERMS](https://www.snap.com/monetization-terms).  IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO AGREE TO THE [MONETIZATION TERMS](https://www.snap.com/monetization-terms), YOU MUST STOP USING THE APPLICABLE SERVICES AND YOU WILL NO LONGER BE ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM AS OF FEBRUARY 1, 2025.

Creator Stories Terms


-------------------------

Effective: March 18, 2022

ARBITRATION NOTICE: THESE CREATOR STORIES TERMS INCORPORATE BY REFERENCE THE [ARBITRATION, CLASS-ACTION WAIVER, AND JURY WAIVER](https://www.snap.com/terms#arbitration) PROVISION, [CHOICE OF LAW](https://www.snap.com/terms#choice-of-law) PROVISION, AND [EXCLUSIVE VENUE](https://www.snap.com/terms#exclusive-venue) PROVISION OF THE [SNAP INC. TERMS OF SERVICE](https://www.snap.com/terms) OR THE [DISPUTE RESOLUTION, ARBITRATION](https://www.snap.com/terms#arbitration-row) PROVISION, [CHOICE OF LAW](https://www.snap.com/terms#sgl-choice-of-law) PROVISION, AND [EXCLUSIVE VENUE](https://www.snap.com/terms#sgl-exclusive-venue) PROVISION OF THE [SNAP GROUP LIMITED TERMS OF SERVICE](https://www.snap.com/terms#terms-row) (WHICHEVER APPLY TO YOU).  IF YOU LIVE IN THE UNITED STATES OR IF YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A BUSINESS WITH ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES, THE FOLLOWING APPLIES TO YOU: THIS AGREEMENT IS WITH SNAP INC. AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THE [ARBITRATION](https://www.snap.com/terms#arbitration) PROVISION OF THE [SNAP INC. TERMS OF SERVICE](https://www.snap.com/terms), YOU AND SNAP INC. AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING [ARBITRATION](https://www.snap.com/terms#arbitration%C2%A0) PROVISION IN [THE SNAP INC. TERMS OF SERVICE](https://www.snap.com/terms), AND YOU AND SNAP INC., WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION AS EXPLAINED IN THAT ARBITRATION CLAUSE.  IF YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF A BUSINESS WITH ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES, THE FOLLOWING APPLIES TO YOU: THIS AGREEMENT IS WITH SNAP GROUP LIMITED AND YOU AND SNAP GROUP LIMITED AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY THE BINDING [ARBITRATION](https://www.snap.com/terms#arbitration-row) PROVISION IN [THE SNAP GROUP LIMITED TERMS OF SERVICE](https://www.snap.com/terms#terms-row).

These Snap Creator Stories Terms (“**Creator Stories Terms**”) contain the terms and conditions that govern your participation in the Snap Creator Stories Program (“**Program**”). The Program permits select users, whom we refer to throughout these Creator Stories Terms as “Service Providers” or “Creators,” with the opportunity to receive payment from Snap in connection with their services of performing certain activities and providing content on Snapchat. The Program, and each product, service, and feature offered as part of the Program, is a “Service” as defined in the [Snap Inc. Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms) or [Snap Group Limited Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms#terms-row) (whichever is applicable to you), which, along with our [Community Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/community-guidelines), [Crystals Payouts Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/crystals-payout?lang=en-US), and any other terms, policies, or guidelines governing the Services, are incorporated by reference into these Creator Stories Terms. Please read these Creator Stories Terms carefully.  Please also review our [Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy) to learn how we handle information when you use the Services. To the extent that these Creator Stories Terms conflict with any other terms governing the Services, these Creator Stories Terms will control solely with respect to your use of the Services offered as part of the Program. All capitalized terms used but not defined in these Creator Stories Terms have their respective meanings set forth in the applicable terms governing the Services. Please print a copy of these Creator Stories Terms and keep them for your reference.

**1\. Creator Payment**

To encourage, incentivize, and reward creative activity and the creation of content that generates user engagement as part of the Program, we may pay you, as a Creator, for your services related to your “**Qualifying Activity**” (defined below) (our payment to you, as potentially modified below, the “**Service Payment**” or just “**Payment**”).  Payment may be funded either by Snap or from a portion of the proceeds we receive from any advertisements distributed in connection with the Services. Qualifying Activity will be determined by us using the following criteria:

*   Public Stories posted by you and in which we distribute advertisements, if you are invited to participate in the Program (which shall be in our sole discretion); 
    

*   Your participation in any special programs (“**Special Programs**”) that we may provide from time to time, subject to your acceptance of any additional terms that we may require for such Special Programs (which shall be incorporated into these Creator Stories Terms); and
    

*   Any other activity that we may designate or recognize from time to time as Qualifying Activity.
    

In determining whether activity constitutes Qualifying Activity, we may exclude what we call “Invalid Activity,” e.g., activity that artificially increases the number of views (or other viewership metrics of your content).  Invalid Activity will be determined by Snap in its sole discretion and includes, but is not limited to: (i) spam, invalid queries, invalid replies, invalid likes, invalid favorites, invalid follows, invalid subscriptions, or invalid impressions generated by any person, click farm, or similar service, bot, automated program or similar device, including through any clicks, impressions, or other activity originating from your mobile device, mobile devices under your control, or mobile devices with new or suspicious accounts; (ii) impressions, replies, likes, follows, favorites, subscriptions, clicks, or queries generated by payment of money or other inducements to third parties, false representation, or the offer to trade views; (iii) impressions, likes, follows, clicks, queries, favorites, subscriptions, Replies, or generated through activity that is otherwise in violation of these Creator Stories Terms, and (iv) clicks, likes, follows, subscriptions, Replies, favorites, queries, or impressions co-mingled with any of the activity described in (i), (ii), or (iii) above.

Qualifying Activity will be accounted for in our internal systems through the use of “Crystals,” which are a unit of measurement that we use to track and record each Creator’s Qualifying Activity during a given period.  The number of Crystals that we record for Qualifying Activity may vary depending on our internal criteria and formulas, which we may modify from time to time in our sole discretion.  You may view the estimated number of Crystals that we have recorded for your Qualifying Activity by going to your user profile in the Snapchat application.  Please note that any such numbers viewable through your user profile are preliminary estimates calculated for our internal accounting purposes. For clarity, Crystals are solely an internal measurement tool utilized by us to measure a Creator’s Qualifying Activity and the popularity of a Creator’s content. Crystals are not intended to confer or imply any rights or represent any obligations, do not constitute property, are not transferable or assignable, and may not be purchased or the subject of a sale, barter, or exchange.  

Payment amounts for eligible Creators will be determined based on the final number of Crystals that we have recorded for that Creator’s Qualifying Activity during a given period in accordance with our proprietary payment formula, which may be adjusted by us from time-to-time, and which is based on a number of factors, which may include the frequency of your Public Story posts, the number of advertisements distributed in your Public Stories, and user engagement with your Public Stories.  Payment amounts, if any, will be determined by us based on our calculations.  Any Payments made will be disbursed to your payment account with Snap’s authorized third-party payment provider (“**Payment Account**”), provided that you have complied with these Creator Stories Terms and our third-party payment provider’s procedures. The ability to receive Payments will only be available in a limited number of countries, which are listed in the [Crystals Payouts Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/crystals-payout?lang=en-US) (the “**Eligible Countries**”). At any time, Snap may add or remove countries to the list of Eligible Countries.

We reserve the right to discontinue, modify, not offer, or stop offering or supporting the Program or any of the Services at any time and for any reason, in our sole discretion, without prior notice or liability to you, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws.  We do not guarantee that any of the foregoing will be available at all times or at any given time, or that we will continue to offer any of the foregoing for any particular length of time.  You should not rely on the continued availability of the Program or any of the Services for any reason.

**2\. Payment Eligibility**

Subject to these Creator Stories Terms, only Creators meeting all of the following requirements will be eligible to receive Payments from Snap in connection with the Program:

*   If you’re an individual, you must be a legal resident of an Eligible Country.  Additionally, you must be present in an Eligible Country at the time that the associated Qualifying Activity occurred.    
    
*   You must have reached the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction or be at least 16 years old and have obtained the required parental or legal guardian consent(s) in accordance with our procedures. If parental or legal guardian consent(s) is required under applicable law, then you may only participate in the Program under the supervision of your parent(s)/legal guardian(s), who must also agree to be bound by these Creator Stories Terms, and you represent and warrant that you have obtained all such consent(s) (including two-parent consent, if required in your jurisdiction).  We reserve the right, on behalf of ourselves, our affiliates, and our third-party payment provider, to require verification of parental/legal guardian consent for minors as a condition of payment under these Creator Stories Terms.  
    
*   If you’re an entity, or have authorized us to transfer your Payments to your business entity in accordance with our and our authorized third-party payment provider’s procedures, you or such entity (as applicable) are incorporated, headquartered, or have an office within an Eligible Country.  
    
*   You have provided Snap and its authorized third-party payment provider with complete and accurate contact information, including your legal first and last name, email, phone number, state and country of residence, and date of birth (“**Contact Information**”), and any other information that may be required from time to time, so that Snap or its third-party payment provider may contact you and cause payment to be made to you (or your parent/legal guardian(s) or business entity, if applicable) if you qualify for a Payment, or in connection with any legal requirement.  
    
*   You have completed all necessary requirements to establish a valid Payment Account, and your Snapchat account and Payment Account are active, in good standing (as determined by us and our third-party payment provider), and in compliance with these Creator Stories Terms.  
    
*   If you are a legal resident of a country other than the United States, you (and any administrator, collaborator, or contributor posting content on your account) must be physically located outside of the United States and within an Eligible Country when you (or such administrator, collaborator, or contributor) perform any services and facilitate the distribution of advertisements in connection with your Qualifying Activity (as further discussed below).
    

You will not be eligible to receive, and we will not pay you, any Payment if you (or your parent/legal guardian(s) or business entity, if applicable) do not pass our, or our third-party payment provider’s, compliance review. Such review may include, but is not limited to, a check to determine if you appear on any restricted party list maintained by any relevant government authority, including the U.S. Specially Designated Nationals List and Foreign Sanctions Evaders List. In addition to any other uses described in these Creator Stories Terms, the information you provide to us may be shared with third parties in order to verify your identity, conduct our compliance review, and complete the payment process.  If you (or your parent/legal guardian(s) or business entity, as applicable) fail to satisfy any of the foregoing requirements at any time, you will not be eligible for Payments. If you are (i) an employee, officer, or director of Snap or its parent, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies, or (ii) a government entity, subsidiary or affiliate of a government entity, or member of a royal family, you will not be eligible for Payments.  

**3\. Payment Notification and Process**

Subject to your compliance with these Creator Stories Terms, to the extent permitted by law, you (or your parent/legal guardian(s) or business entity, as applicable) will be able to request a Payment by selecting the relevant option in your user profile. In order for you to validly request a Payment, we first must have recorded and attributed to you at least enough Crystals to meet a minimum Payment threshold of $100 USD (“**Payment Threshold**”).  

PLEASE NOTE: IF (A) WE HAVE NOT RECORDED AND ATTRIBUTED ANY CRYSTALS TO  ANY QUALIFYING ACTIVITY FROM YOU FOR A PERIOD OF ONE YEAR, OR (B) YOU HAVE NOT VALIDLY REQUESTED A PAYMENT PURSUANT TO THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FOR A PERIOD OF TWO YEARS, THEN — AT THE END OF THE APPLICABLE PERIOD — WE WILL DISBURSE PAYMENT TO YOUR PAYMENT ACCOUNT BASED ON ANY CRYSTALS WE HAVE RECORDED AND ATTRIBUTED TO YOUR QUALIFYING ACTIVITY THROUGH THE END OF SUCH PERIOD, PROVIDED THAT IN EACH CASE: (I) YOU HAVE REACHED THE PAYMENT THRESHOLD, (II) YOU HAVE CREATED A PAYMENT ACCOUNT, (III) YOU HAVE SUPPLIED ALL NECESSARY CONTACT INFORMATION AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION REQUIRED TO EFFECTUATE PAYMENT TO YOU, (IV) WE HAVE NOT YET MADE PAYMENT TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CRYSTALS THAT WE HAVE RECORDED AND ATTRIBUTED FOR SUCH QUALIFYING ACTIVITY, (V) YOUR SNAPCHAT ACCOUNT AND PAYMENT ACCOUNT ARE IN GOOD STANDING, AND (VI) YOU ARE OTHERWISE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THESE CREATOR STORIES TERMS AND OUR THIRD-PARTY PAYMENT PROVIDER’S PROCEDURES AND TERMS.  IF, HOWEVER, AT THE END OF THE APPLICABLE PERIOD YOU HAVE NOT SATISFIED ALL OF THE FOREGOING REQUIREMENTS IN FULL, THEN YOU WILL NO LONGER BE ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE ANY PAYMENT RELATED TO SUCH QUALIFYING ACTIVITY.  

Payments may be made to you on behalf of Snap by subsidiary or affiliate entities or other authorized third-party payment providers, which may act as the payor under these Creator Stories Terms. Snap will not be responsible for any delay, failure, or inability to transfer Payments to your Payment Account due to any reason out of Snap’s control, including your failure to comply with these Creator Stories Terms or our third-party payment provider’s terms. Snap will not be responsible if someone other than you (or your parent/legal guardian(s), as applicable) requests Payment based on any Crystals that we have recorded and attributed to your Qualifying Activity using your Snapchat account or transfers your Payments using your Payment Account information. Payment will be made in United States dollars, but you may elect to withdraw the funds from your Payment Account in your local currency, subject to use, exchange, and transaction fees, as further explained in the [Crystals Payouts Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/crystals-payout?lang=en-US), and subject to our third-party payment provider’s terms. Any Payment amounts shown in the Snapchat application are estimated values and may be subject to change. The final amounts of any Payments will be reflected in your Payment Account.  

In addition to our other rights and remedies, we may, to the extent permitted by law, without providing a warning or prior notice, withhold, offset, adjust, or exclude any Payments to you under these Creator Stories Terms for suspected Invalid Activity, failure to comply with these Creator Stories Terms, any excess Payments made to you in error, or to offset such amounts against any fees you owe us under any other agreement. You represent and warrant that all information you provide to us or our subsidiaries, affiliates, or authorized payment provider, is truthful and accurate, and that you will maintain the accuracy of such information at all times.

**4\. Taxes**

You agree and acknowledge that you have sole responsibility and liability for any and all taxes, duties, or fees relating to any Payments you may receive pursuant to these Creator Stories Terms. Payments are inclusive of any applicable sales, use, excise, value added, goods and services or similar tax payable to you. If, under applicable law, taxes are required to be deducted or withheld from any Payments to you, then Snap, its affiliate, or its authorized third-party payment provider may deduct such taxes from the amount owed to you and pay such taxes to the appropriate taxing authority as required by applicable law. You agree and acknowledge that payment to you as reduced by such deductions or withholdings will constitute full payment and settlement to you of amounts payable under these Creator Stories Terms. You will provide Snap, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and any authorized payment provider with any forms, documents or other certifications as may be required to satisfy any information reporting or withholding tax obligations with respect to any Payments under these Creator Stories Terms.  

**5\. Advertising**

As stated in the [Snap Inc. Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms) or [Snap Group Limited Terms of Service](https://www.snap.com/terms#terms-row) (whichever is applicable to you), the Services may contain advertisements. In connection with your participation in the Program, you agree that you are engaging us, our affiliates, and our third-party partners, with no payment from you, to distribute advertising in connection with content you submit as part of the Program in our sole discretion. You agree to facilitate the distribution of such advertisements by agreeing to these Creator Stories Terms and continuing to provide Snap with access to any content you submit as part of the Program subject to these Creator Stories Terms. We will determine all aspects of the advertisements distributed on the Services, if any, including the type, format, and frequency of the advertisements distributed in connection with any content you submit as part of the Program in our discretion. We also reserve the right, in our discretion, to not show advertisements on, in, or alongside your content for any reason.

**6\. Termination; Suspension**

In addition to any other rights or remedies we may have, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate the distribution of your content through the Services, any or all of the Services, or your access to any of the foregoing. In the event that you do not comply with these Creator Stories Terms, then we reserve the right to withhold (and you agree that you will not be eligible to receive) any Payments under these Creator Stories Terms. If at any time you don’t agree to any portion of these Creator Stories Terms, you must stop using the applicable Services and participating in the Program immediately.   

**7\. Miscellaneous** 

We may allow you to create and manage sub-accounts under your Snapchat user account, or allow you to give other users of the Services access to post content to your Snapchat user account. Setting and revoking access levels for your account is solely your responsibility and, as a result, you are responsible for all content and activity that occurs in your account, including any activity by administrators, collaborators, and contributors.  From time to time, we may revise these Creator Stories Terms. You can determine when these Creator Stories Terms were last revised by referring to the “Effective” date at the top.  You agree to review these Creator Stories Terms, including any updates, regularly to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version of such terms. By using the Services following the "Effective" date, you will be deemed to have agreed to the updated Creator Stories Terms.  These Creator Stories Terms do not create or confer any third-party beneficiary rights. Nothing in these Creator Stories Terms will be construed to imply a joint-venture, principal-agent, or employment relationship between you and Snap or Snap’s affiliates. If we do not enforce a provision in these Creator Stories Terms, it will not be considered a waiver.  We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you. If any provision of these Creator Stories Terms is found unenforceable, then that provision will be severed and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

**8.  Contact Us**

If you have any questions about these Creator Stories Terms, just [contact us](https://support.snapchat.com/en-US?lang=en-US).